Information for Dark Pawns -

&cClasses, skills, and guilds:&n

When you enter the game for the first time, you are asked to select a
class, either CLERIC, MAGIC USER, NINJA (Only humans can be ninjas),
PSIONICIST, THIEF, or WARRIOR.  Characters belonging to each of these
classes will have their own skills, abilities, and handicaps. 

It is not unusual that people belonging to different classes, when joining
their efforts and combining their skills, find their chances of survival
and progress greatly improved. A group composed of members from multiple
classes can become an extremely powerful force, capable of unlocking doors
without keys, creating their own food and water, and destroying enemies
much faster. 

In order to learn the skills currently available to you, you need to find
your GUILD (there are several guilds located in cities for easy access). 
To see a list of the skills available to your class and the levels they
can be PRACTICEd at, type skills and the key letter for your class. Once
you've found your guild, walk up to the guildmaster and type practice. You
will be given a list of all the skills you can practice at your current
level and how many practices you can ration to them. 

&cEquipment:&n

It is not wise to travel without the proper equipment. It is possible to
purchase some equipment in SHOPS found inside cities, but better equipment
can usually only be found on mobiles.

&cHunger and Thirst:&n

At one time or another, you will see the message 'You are hungry'. This
means it is time to find something edible, to quench your hunger. While it
is impossible to starve to death, when you are hungry or thirsty, you will
not regenerate lost hit points, mana, and movement points.

&cGeneral advice:&n

Type HELP to find out more information about the mud.
Especially helpful to new players are HELP NEWBIE and HELP FAQ.
Type COMMANDS to see the various commands given to players.
See the help files on REST and GOSSIP.

[Note - Further information can be gained on capitalized words by using
the HELP command.]
